lots of people can see what's right
without being able to defend it or
explain it but that doesn't mean that
their vision is wrong and I really think
that's typical of workingclass guys who
really have to contend with the physical
reality of the world because if they
don't respond properly to the evidence
that's right in front of them well they
die or the thing they build doesn't work
I come from a workingclass background at
least a workingclass town and I've spent
lots of time among educated people and
I've never lost my that the intellect
can go very badly wrong and that there's
a reason Christ was a carpenter not a
university professor